feat: add claude.md and cursor rules for writing tutorials (#1079)
knocklabs/docs: claude.md

> Example of active voice: "The team completed the project."

> Example of passive voice: "The project was completed by the team."

# Tutorial writing guidelines for /content/tutorials/\*

The following guidelines apply specifically to content in the `/content/tutorials/` directory:

## Always link to Knock docs when possible

> Any time you reference a Knock API, a Knock concept, or any other concept that lives in the Knock documentation (https://docs.knock.app), link to it so the reader can learn more about the concept you're referencing. ALWAYS DOUBLE CHECK YOUR LINKS AND MAKE SURE THEY DO NOT 404.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any time you first reference a Knock API, a Knock concept, or any other concept that lives in the Knock documentation (https://docs.knock.app), link to it so the reader can learn more about the concept you're referencing. ALWAYS DOUBLE CHECK YOUR LINKS AND MAKE SURE THEY DO NOT 404.
```

> ## Use of notes and asides
> 
> Use asides to highlight important notes or in-development features. Clearly label these sections with icons or labels like "🚧 **Note**".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use of notes and callouts

Use the `Callout` component to highlight important notes or in-development features. Clearly label these sections with icons or labels like "🚧 **Note**".
```
